Daniel Guerrero: Good morning.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm doing pretty good. My apologies doing one of those bio psychosocial, you know, the ones with all those questions.
Daniel Guerrero: Right, right.
Gwenevere Abriel: They never are exactly 60 minutes it's
Daniel Guerrero: Possible right
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, I sure had been thinking about you're wondering if you're reaching your limit with that Java years have you been doing
Daniel Guerrero: Well, you know, it's kind of funny you mentioned that because yesterday. My boss, you know, talks to me pulls me outside. He's like, go.
Daniel Guerrero: Because we'd like to move you.
Daniel Guerrero: Have not only the daytime nighttime manager, but also to the daytime manager as well and give you an opportunity to work during the day.
Daniel Guerrero: And I'm like, well, I guess because of a certain person has been calling in quite often. Right. It's an opener.
Daniel Guerrero: And then one of the girls at night. You know, it's proven herself that she could run a shift, you know, because we give her one night, you know, week to run a shift and so
Daniel Guerrero: But you know, I asked. I asked for more money and I told him, I said, Listen, I don't think you know I'm going to be able to pay my bills, you know, with just the money that I'm making.
Daniel Guerrero: And he's like, well,
Daniel Guerrero: I can't promise you that we're going to move you up, you know, anytime soon.
Daniel Guerrero: But this is what we want. We want to be able to cross train you for the daytime.
Daniel Guerrero: I just, I'm just not sure if it's a good thing or a bad thing because if he's not willing to, you know, help me move up, but he's willing for me to come in and you know
Daniel Guerrero: I guess be a spot jeweler I guess you can call it because basically at the end of the day, that's what I am. Because there's somebody calling in and I'm taking their spot you know that I'm just a spot filler.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, let me, let me ask you something.
Gwenevere Abriel: If it has a title and no compensation money.
Gwenevere Abriel: That title can land on the resume and that down the line could be great if it's spot fillers meaningless.
Gwenevere Abriel: But if you said, okay, you're not willing to compensate me, obviously I deserve this. Then I want the title of the following
Gwenevere Abriel: So that I can have a letter of recommendation for you. So, this can be a resume building experience for me and I can be learning these skills.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, I'll do that for this amount of time and then I do need to see the compensation for this this this work for you when you said spot filler. That's not a title. That's not manager. That's not your. So what does that mean, like, what
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you benefiting from from this
Daniel Guerrero: Well, you know, the only benefit would have is that I would be able to be home, you know, during the day to see my kids you know cuz I
Daniel Guerrero: You know I get up in the morning I take my kids to school. I come home, they're asleep, you know, get up in the morning, take them to school.
Yeah.
Daniel Guerrero: Yeah, can't do. I can't interact with them in
Daniel Guerrero: And you know, it's something that it's important to me is their education because I don't have one. So it's important for me to drive for them to have an education right
Daniel Guerrero: And so, you know, I like to study with my kids, you know, pick their in the second, third, and fourth grade, and I'm still learning from them, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm leaving. Seriously, and there's learning stuff. I saw
Gwenevere Abriel: A sixth grader. I'm like,
Gwenevere Abriel: Man.
Daniel Guerrero: I know my daughter, she's you know she's the kidney garden going to first grade, and she's already learning place value.
Gwenevere Abriel: Kiss me
Daniel Guerrero: Yeah, I'm like, I didn't learn place value. I was like in seventh grade know and now they're teaching it and kidney guardian.
Gwenevere Abriel: If they're going too fast, in my opinion, but I'll keep my my opinion of myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Anyway, so, okay, you want to spend time. So the upside is a work, family life balance. I get to spend
time with my family.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what he what he was talking about money. How did that land with you.
Daniel Guerrero: Well, the one that brought it up right because I'm like
Daniel Guerrero: At the beginning of the year, I guess like minimum wage went up in New Mexico to like $9. I don't know if you went up everywhere, but I know in New Mexico, it went up to $9 an hour.
Daniel Guerrero: And
Daniel Guerrero: You know we have some employees that were only making
Daniel Guerrero: You know 757 making hate. And so when this initial
Daniel Guerrero: employment rates went up to $9 an hour.
Daniel Guerrero: Those who were making 750 or those who are making eight
Daniel Guerrero: You know, got a dramatic you know ratings.
Daniel Guerrero: And to where I was already above $9 an hour. I was making
Daniel Guerrero: And he moved me to 10 bucks. You know, I kind of felt insulted. Honestly, because
Daniel Guerrero: Up. I mean, I want to be honest.
Daniel Guerrero: Not, not because I you know I feel like did I deserved, you know, whatever dollar whatever else that everyone else got it, no one else's basically worth the money that we're paying them.
Yeah, I believe. Yeah.
Daniel Guerrero: And so they're making $9 an hour and they're, they're still working at that 750 rate, you know, they're not picking it up there. They're still slacking, you know,
Daniel Guerrero: And I have to pick up a lot of that slack, you know, being the night manager. You know, I don't want, I don't want the store manager and the owner coming in.
Daniel Guerrero: You know, to a CD store because that kind of makes me looks, you know, so, so I make sure everything is is done. And even if I have to do it myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, now we've been here before. So
Gwenevere Abriel: Today is a day where we review your goals. So let's let's shift gears just somewhat see if how you're doing. One of them is I want to build a resume. There were some challenges with some technology has that been resolved for you still kind of
Daniel Guerrero: Um, well, I had down. I had downloaded this uh this app. It was called
Daniel Guerrero: My resume or something like that. And well, for I don't know how the hell they happen but it ended up on my Gmail and so I guess what this
Daniel Guerrero: This app does is it picks up local jobs in town.
Daniel Guerrero: And you fill out the resume and then you go to, like, for example, if Arby's is hiring you click on it, you fill out the application and automatically send the resume with the application.
Daniel Guerrero: Okay and so
Daniel Guerrero: But it's just a plain Jane resume is just like like your name subtitle yeah employment history.
Daniel Guerrero: Education, you know, and
Daniel Guerrero: Just, you know, real simple.
Daniel Guerrero: For me, for now, you know, that's quite fine but you know. So what I did is I did get a hold of the college and. Okay. On March 30 they're going to have new enrollments so march 30 I have to go up there at eight o'clock.
Daniel Guerrero: Do some testing. You know, I think it's on a Monday. I'm not too sure. I think it's on Monday.
Daniel Guerrero: Oh, you know what, I didn't even snap because we have group on Monday.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so we can fix that. I've got like four other groups, you can go to. So I know we'll find something
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And we'll work that out.
Daniel Guerrero: Okay, it
Gwenevere Abriel: Looks like I'm gonna forget
Daniel Guerrero: He did.
Gwenevere Abriel: Try to remind me.
Daniel Guerrero: All right, we'll get that fixed before they don't make sure you know keep up with them.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so we've got we've got this is I shifted gears. Is this one's the goal of I want to get GED and education right we just shifted gears a little bit, right.
Gwenevere Abriel: On March 30 at 8am doing some testing for new enrollment. That's so exciting.
Daniel Guerrero: Thank you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, well,
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm assuming for you to like to
Daniel Guerrero: Actually
Daniel Guerrero: Have followed through with
Daniel Guerrero: You're going to do it.
Daniel Guerrero: So I've been wanting to catch get my CD do my CDs license.
Daniel Guerrero: But everybody that I've applied with is this this felonies hanging over me and
Daniel Guerrero: You know, it kind of sucks because it's not just like a
Daniel Guerrero: I mean, it's like one of the worst felonies. It could be, you know, possession of controlled substance with the intent to traffic and that's that's a pretty tough felony to, you know,
Daniel Guerrero: And you know, when employer see that you know intent to traffic or possession. You know of a controlled substance to the Controlled Substances methamphetamines they automatically just blow that application in the trash. You know, they don't want, they don't want to do it.
Daniel Guerrero: And so I'm in August.
Daniel Guerrero: August
Daniel Guerrero: 2030 it'll be 10 years
Yeah, that's
Daniel Guerrero: Yeah, so like we're almost there. No two and a half years. And so in those two and a half years when I'm trying to do is, you know, trying to build up the good work resume, you know, have some kind of education so that when I get ready to go into this, you know, they can overlook that
Daniel Guerrero: But I haven't been in any trouble sense, then you know not. I don't even have to, you know,
Daniel Guerrero: Like
Daniel Guerrero: Numerous times understand charge because of probation or parole no standards in New Mexico reverse that.
Daniel Guerrero: They sent me back to prison for being late going home.
Daniel Guerrero: From work, you know, they're like, oh, you should have called us and told us you would be like going on. I was like, well, I think it was that big a deal. You know what I mean.
Daniel Guerrero: Yeah, I'm coming home from work and I like I've come home from the globe know so they decided to go ahead and send me back to prison on that.
Daniel Guerrero: I mean, so it's just a bunch of like Petty, petty stuff that you know
Daniel Guerrero: I've been back and forth. And that's a pretty good resume for myself as a criminal going back and forth to prison because I'm sure they can see all that once
Gwenevere Abriel: I know but
It.
Daniel Guerrero: Doesn't it seem like the choices either go back to
Gwenevere Abriel: That line.
Daniel Guerrero: Or lean in and go ahead and you do that.
Daniel Guerrero: Go ahead. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: You get that G, you take those courses.
Gwenevere Abriel: CPL license.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or you go back, right, I mean,
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. I know.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know none of us know what
An
Daniel Guerrero: Issue years from now.
But
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to feel proud of you.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're a great role model for your family. You're going to feel this sense of like accomplishment that you're not hiding anything. You don't have to hold any secrets.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, it's a pain in the butt to hold all that BS like you got to keep your story straight. Which one did I tell what to
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't have to run that game. And now it's just, I've got to hold myself accountable.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm telling you, you may not know you're going to feel really good about yourself and, I believe, Daniel. I know I keep saying this to you and I don't say it to everyone. You're going to just keep showing up in person to these places that you're going to want to work be a driver.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you just tell them I know you see the ink. I know you're going to see this on my background.
Gwenevere Abriel: Give me a chance. Here's my story. I did it for this and this reasons I'm not that man anymore. I have changed in the following ways. Please give me a chance. I won't let you down, please. And you
Gwenevere Abriel: Hang in there. The first guy no second guy no third guy. Maybe we don't know when. But you keep showing up someone's going to give you a chance
Gwenevere Abriel: I really do believe that, you know, and that's all
Daniel Guerrero: Yeah, you know, and I believe you know and chances. I believe in second chances. That's why I always give them, you know,
Daniel Guerrero: You know, especially like when my kids, you know, they always on some bullshit. You know, but I'm just like,
Daniel Guerrero: Yeah, you know, I look over it, you know. It's that it's that petty shit. You know, I try not to hold on to pity shit. You know, I try not to hold on to it too long. Yes. At first, it just seems like
Daniel Guerrero: I like for real like down. But then, I've just like you know about 10 minutes later, I'm just like, is just updating you know you're trying to hold on to that shit so
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm checking in on on goals. I want to spend more time with the Lord and in prayer. Last time we touch base on this. It was about January 22
Gwenevere Abriel: You had shared i highly believe in Jesus Christ. There are teachings that we have to submit. If I put myself last I can step back and say, let me provide for you. Get out of the way and serve you better. Okay, I believe that's what Jesus is teaching us
Daniel Guerrero: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: For you. Now, when you think about the relationship between the Lord in prayer.
Gwenevere Abriel: And your mental health or the Lord in prayer and your recovery. What's the relationship between your relationship with the Lord and your prayer and your goals around. I don't know whether you think of it as mental health or recovery, different people think about it differently.
Daniel Guerrero: Yeah, tell me, Oh, I understand. I understand what you're saying. Um, for me, it's, it's like I couldn't
Daniel Guerrero: I wouldn't be able to be in sobriety that I am right now, you know, without him no cuz he's
Daniel Guerrero: You know, he guides. My overstep
Daniel Guerrero: As go on, you know, I'm not as faithful as I should be. But I think that he I think God that he's faithful knowing he's faithful. You were unfaithful, you know He loves us and we're unlovable. And so for me, that's very important because
Daniel Guerrero: Without him. I wouldn't have what I have today, I'll probably wouldn't even be the person I am today, you know,
Daniel Guerrero: Without him I'd probably be, you know, I don't know, who knows worse off, probably still in prison, even with the longer case, you know, or whatever because you know
Daniel Guerrero: Or even or even with my family, you know, because you know he has put my family back together because you know we were
Daniel Guerrero: YOU KNOW, YOU EVER, EVER SEEN Window shatters like if you just grab it and just drop it, how it shatters on the see Matt that's how my family was we were just scattered no broken glass everywhere.
Daniel Guerrero: But today, you know,
Daniel Guerrero: We're pretty we're pretty much done. We're pretty back together. And you know, that's all 3am and I was nothing that I've done is directed at my wife's done
Daniel Guerrero: You know so and that's something that we do in our house, you know we we try to have a Bible study you know couple times a week in my own, you know, we try to study with my kids a lot
Daniel Guerrero: And you know, we make sure that you know they know that Jesus loves them more than we do. You know what I mean, because we would never be able to love our kids as much as God there's and so we make sure that they know that so that's important to us.
Gwenevere Abriel: So this is a goal, you've set for yourself, not my goal short
Gwenevere Abriel: So we're going to look at it again. I, I heard you talking about how important it is to
Daniel Guerrero: Someone every day.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's measure it, because it's a goal. So we got to know when it's reached
Daniel Guerrero: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to spend more. This is you.
Gwenevere Abriel: See, you want to spend more time with the Lord in prayer. Let's see if
Gwenevere Abriel: We can measure it.
Daniel Guerrero: Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: How do you know you haven't reached that goal. Why
Daniel Guerrero: I mean, I just I just know what happened.
Because
Daniel Guerrero: I'm always too preoccupied. You know I'm always I'm always busy, you know, and that's an excuse you know it's it's a sorry ass excuse you know to be honest with you, because
Daniel Guerrero: You know, you're never too busy to make time for for someone who is, you know, loving you, the way he does holding you down the way he does.
Daniel Guerrero: You know, it's so
Gwenevere Abriel: How will you measure this. Sometimes it's in time. Sometimes it's a frequency. Sometimes it's the way you're doing it. That's a way you can measure yourself and you put it in time. Your goal you put it in a framework of time.
Gwenevere Abriel: So if that's how you're measuring yourself go in side and just assess time today. This year, this month. Let's go this month this month when I assess how much time I spent
Gwenevere Abriel: With the Lord in prayer. It's this number. And you might say, I would like it to be this number. Once you figure out those numbers and take take a few minutes right now and do that, and then I'd like to hear, Oh, I'm at this Michael used to be at this
Gwenevere Abriel: Just take some time to think about
Daniel Guerrero: I think that, uh,
Daniel Guerrero: You know, my, my initial goal was, you know you personally is at least an hour, you know,
Daniel Guerrero: An hour a day, you know, to give you know to give to him because you know we can do an hour a day. We can get up, you know, go to bed early get up at six o'clock in the morning or whatever, you know, before I take the kids to school and
Daniel Guerrero: You know, just have a cup of coffee and, you know, sit back and read the word and you will have time to meditate.
Daniel Guerrero: With prayer.
Daniel Guerrero: But I just we have I just haven't done it, you know, and it's
Gwenevere Abriel: Much you doing
Daniel Guerrero: I'm not, you might be lucky if you get two minutes, I'll be right now. We honestly
Gwenevere Abriel: Day well
Gwenevere Abriel: So that's where we're at. We're two minutes for about what 58 short
Daniel Guerrero: Yeah, we're
Gwenevere Abriel: We're 58 minutes right okay so Glenn reports currently spending about two
Gwenevere Abriel: In I'm on divided
Gwenevere Abriel: Meditation slush prayer and once an hour day. Okay, got it.
Daniel Guerrero: You know, because, you know, once I believe you know because I've done it before, you know, the more time that you spend with them, it becomes
Daniel Guerrero: It just becomes second to, you know what I mean, it's like walking, you know. So before you know it you're just
Daniel Guerrero: Everyday of your every moment of your time. You know, you're just, you're just having a conversation with him in your head, you know, just doing your thing with them and you know you're always asking, you know, for guidance and reference and he's always providing that for you.
Daniel Guerrero: You know, because
Daniel Guerrero: You know, you know, when you're in prison, you know, we have all this time. Right. And everybody says all you go to prison and find Jesus, you go to prison, you find God, you know, this is an excuse. But you know, I bring them with me, you know,
Daniel Guerrero: What I mean
Daniel Guerrero: Yeah, no I you know I try to go to church every Sunday. But I don't make it every Sunday. You know, I try to make it, you know. So, you know, we go at least twice a month, you know, and when honestly you know there's church, about six days a week, and we're only going twice a month, you know, that's
Daniel Guerrero: That's, that's, you know, that's damn excuse you know
Daniel Guerrero: We should be making it all the time. We should be at least making it you know I'm off on Sundays. You know, it's the one day that I am on I should be at least making it that day.
Daniel Guerrero: You know, instead of, you know, making excuses. I'm too tired or, you know, oh we got up late. We went to bed late, you know,
Daniel Guerrero: I was just
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's touch base on another one. Let's touch base on another goal. Today's lightly touching on how you assess how you're doing. Okay, so you've got another goal you
Gwenevere Abriel: Got a few here.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want more self control, you mentioned something earlier on a different topic which had to do with that you haven't been holding
Gwenevere Abriel: Resentment you my words, not yours. You said holding on to. So I'm guessing you're saying to me, I've not been holding onto resentment and anger for petty things. I don't know what you're talking about. I'm guessing it's that your children are
Gwenevere Abriel: Kind of given you an attitude or not compliant with something you're asking, and you don't remain angry, but I'd rather hear right around this writing here.
Gwenevere Abriel: self control. See, this is, this is one of those really like we can say self control, but how are you measuring self control again, much like the prayer.
Gwenevere Abriel: What are you showing up as self control. Now, how will you know when it's better in the future. Right. So we want to be able to measure it. Where will it show up. Hey,
Gwenevere Abriel: When my son catches an attitude he raises his voice I no longer raise mine that will be evidence for me that I am in more self control.
Gwenevere Abriel: Another one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Might be I noticed. Now I remember to breathe. I walk outside for 10 minutes I come back, and then I, whatever. So I'm giving you examples of ways that people measure themselves and how they're doing around self control Daniel How do you measure your self control.
Daniel Guerrero: You know, uh,
Daniel Guerrero: I do take more time.
Daniel Guerrero: You know, to try to look at the whole picture. The whole scenario, I guess. I don't know if that's the right word, but you know I just I just tried to look at it, you know, look at all of it, instead of immediately blowing up now.
Daniel Guerrero: Because before I'd be like, I first offense was, you know,
Daniel Guerrero: You know, like
Daniel Guerrero: You know, I would get upset you know like
Daniel Guerrero: Um, but now it's
Daniel Guerrero: It's more time, you know, I take more time, you know, I do a the box breathing when it gets to really get too too intense. I'm just like,
Daniel Guerrero: Whoa.
Daniel Guerrero: You know, it goes over here and then come back to it and it's just like, yeah, no, it's just like, you're not going to listen anyway. You're not gonna do it anyway. You're never going to grow up, you're always going to be the same.
Daniel Guerrero: If I you know I try to lead by example. And if you can't see the example I'm setting for you, then you're never going to see it, you know, basically. So I see that now and it's just like, you know, because I was watching
Daniel Guerrero: I was watching this guy on TV. His name is TD Jakes and he's a pastor in Dallas, Texas.
Daniel Guerrero: And we were talking about that. Oh, he was talking about that petty, you know, it's just Petty's like Petty's like
Daniel Guerrero: You know, if it's not affecting you. And it's, you know, and he made a really good point because it's like
Daniel Guerrero: And this is the way he the point that he made. He was like, if they take your money you're working, you have a job, you can make more okay I get that, you know, and if you let somebody you know
Daniel Guerrero: Take the way you conduct yourself.
Daniel Guerrero: Then you're falling, you're, you're, you're being petty if you're allowing somebody to change the way your vibe, you are you're you're changing the way
Daniel Guerrero: You react to something. And so like I tried it, I try to reflect on that. I'm just like, why am I gonna let this person ruin my dream. You know, because I'm having a pretty good day, you know, after that so small, blow it up into something is so big. Why am I going to do that, you know, so
Daniel Guerrero: It was just, you know, stress relievers that you know I'm having like my bills. Yeah, I have built up the ass but
Daniel Guerrero: I can't control them all at once. I can tell them, little by little, so I don't you know i don't i don't worry about them anymore. I can control what I can control and what is out of my control or then you know that's above my pay rate. So I just let it go.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's going to be things so
Gwenevere Abriel: So what you just described.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can call it anything self talk, you're able to use thought
Gwenevere Abriel: To shift, whether you need to yell at this person get them to change you're able to use your thoughts to bring the worry down
Gwenevere Abriel: You can do, you're doing that, you're, you're, think of something and you're like, oh, this is silly. I'm not going to worry about it right now. It's not something I can control.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's addressing your mood. That's addressing the immediate feeling
Gwenevere Abriel: So, but it's a little different when it's with a child. And let me just add this
Gwenevere Abriel: That's fantastic for addressing the mood. Once we're calm, we're in a con body, we can think better. We talked about that. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: But the
Gwenevere Abriel: Situation itself. The lesson. Let's say you wanted to teach a child is still there.
Daniel Guerrero: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: They're not quite. We're not. They're not mutually exclusive. You get to always come right bring yourself to a rational, reasonable state, but the lesson, the role of being father, the desire to have son understand something. Learn something right to shape his behavior.
Gwenevere Abriel: may continue. Notice how earlier you said
Gwenevere Abriel: I lead by example. He'll either get it or a while.
Gwenevere Abriel: Remember I was talking to you about how the
Gwenevere Abriel: brain isn't fully developed until about age 27 for for boys.
Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's even more significantly
Gwenevere Abriel: Different or a brain that has any kind of attention difficulties, if a child's ever been diagnosed with
Gwenevere Abriel: An attention deficit hyperactivity disorder. There's going to be even more under development of the executive functioning. That's the frontal lobe.
Gwenevere Abriel: No amount of modeling, no matter how amazingly successful you are he's going to make a difference.
So I can make a difference.
Gwenevere Abriel: That might be really hard to hear.
Daniel Guerrero: Yeah, I'd say that should
Gwenevere Abriel: Hold on. Well, wait, you can flip it pretty quick. Watch. If you had wanted when you were coming up.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you ran across something on a TV show or in the city. You saw somewhere like he's got a nice ride your look like he's got his shit together right you're looking at him.
Gwenevere Abriel: Why didn't you do it that way. He's a good role model.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not enough, it's not enough.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, and it's no disrespect to to the fact that there it is. I remember I talked about the brain. It's not just, it's not just a floating fact
Gwenevere Abriel: It means that there are parts of the brain that are under developed the ones that you and I, you know, that one where you can now use your brain and think this isn't worth it. I'm not going to pop off on this person.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's the part of the brain that's not developed in the kid, the one that can use for thought. The one that can say if then cause effect this. This is not, I can postpone immediate gratification for a long term goal. That's the part of the brain. It's not developed
Gwenevere Abriel: You wanting it to be there would be. Believe me, I feel, yeah, it would be so convenient if you know my five year old had it and he planned out his little morning my seven year
Daniel Guerrero: That
Gwenevere Abriel: Those little brains are not developed that way.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Daniel Guerrero: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, you got some people walking in not you want to say goodbye to your wife or something.
Daniel Guerrero: Yeah, she's about to leave work.
Daniel Guerrero: Okay, sorry about that.
Daniel Guerrero: What are you saying
Daniel Guerrero: Are you saying
Daniel Guerrero: Give you his penny.
Daniel Guerrero: Are going to give
Daniel Guerrero: Us your thing this morning.
Daniel Guerrero: All right. Love you.
Daniel Guerrero: Bye.
Daniel Guerrero: All right. Sorry about that.
Gwenevere Abriel: So just to review.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know that stuff's hard to hear.
Gwenevere Abriel: Keep in mind, you're going to need a lot of compassion, as you go. This self compassion because you're modeling it didn't have it didn't have good role modeling. It was abusive. I mean, it just there was lots of missed opportunities for good parenting when you were coming up.
Daniel Guerrero: Right there really was.
Daniel Guerrero: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know, but it's not too late. It's really not because when you learn new ways of parenting your children it heals you along the way to it does. It'll. It'll feel kind of uncomfortable at first, but it's like, oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: I trust my child that I can shape this behavior. I can both be firm consistent, reliable.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I don't have to get upset. I'm just going to follow through with what I said I'm going to follow through. I'm not going to abuse physically or emotionally. I'm just gonna be consistent.
Gwenevere Abriel: But role modeling. It's done enough
Gwenevere Abriel: Plenty of
Gwenevere Abriel: Plant parents don't do drugs crime and their children are doing. It doesn't work like that. It just doesn't. We have to shape it we've got to be sort of involved in shaping that behavior. My guess is, you're not quite sure what to do.
Daniel Guerrero: Yeah, well, you know,
Daniel Guerrero: For my my younger kids you know I have, I have some younger kids you know they're 10 eight
Daniel Guerrero: Seven as soon to be six.
Daniel Guerrero: So what I have done what my wife and I have done there's, you know, we've enrolled him and activities to keep them busy.
Daniel Guerrero: And, you know, we've we've signed him up for softball my two older my 19 year old we signed him up for softball.
Daniel Guerrero: And my son is eight. We put him in taekwondo
Daniel Guerrero: And then
Daniel Guerrero: My youngest daughter, you know, she's flipping between cheerleading and dance and karate. And, you know, she just wants to do everything right, but she doesn't want she doesn't know exactly, so
Daniel Guerrero: But for us, you know, we take it. It's important you know to keep them busy keep them occupied to do something else besides sit around the house would be under down tablets and phones all damn day you know where
Daniel Guerrero: Versus these other kids that are teenagers that should be setting the example for my younger kids are just stuck at home on their down phones or, you know,
Daniel Guerrero: Not doing shit, you know, so I so I'm like down. I can't reach them so I better start trying to reach these ones, you know,
Daniel Guerrero: You know, and I give them responsibilities, you know, for example, my son's when they come home every day. They know that throughout the garbage and now you know put trash bags in the garbage cans and, you know, and it's just a little shit, you know,
Daniel Guerrero: Before you go to school in the morning, you know, make sure you pick up your dirty clothes in the hamper, you know, make sure your doors are all pushed in and make sure there's no clothes, you know, coming out of your joy, you know, just little shit, you know,
Daniel Guerrero: To me it's just little shit. But to me, I think that, you know, getting them to do these things as teaching them responsibility at the same time. And so that's something that I try to pour into them.
Daniel Guerrero: And you know, it's like this morning on my way to work. I mean, I'm away taking my daughter to school.
Daniel Guerrero: You know, I had a conversation with them. I said, Look, man, I want you to be completely open minded. We're about to tell you, but I think this is what you're doing wrong and you know we'd like for you to improve in these areas because I know that you're worth it. I know that you can do it.
Daniel Guerrero: And usually that turns into this big old thing like you just don't get me, you know, and this and that. But instead of that it was like, all right, Dad. I'll try harder, you know,
Daniel Guerrero: And it to me that made me feel good, you know, she goes, You're right, Dad, I could be trying harder. You know, I could be doing things differently.
Daniel Guerrero: And you know I want. I'll try to do better. I'm like, all right, cool, you know. And to me, that kind of feel good, you know, because it didn't turn into a big argument.
Daniel Guerrero: You know, so when I approach things when I approach things in the dude, I've noticed that when I approach things in a different manner.
Daniel Guerrero: I get a better response, you know, but if I like of auditory. You know what I think you're doing. I think you're fucking up and you're not, you know, putting your mind until you're not working that hard.
Daniel Guerrero: You know, and then her responses have been like I got, you know, I'll go to school or anybody else. And I, you know, instead of it turned into a big argument you know I approached it with it, you know.
Daniel Guerrero: You know, keep, keep yourself open minded to this, you know, and so it turned into something better. I just
Nice.
Gwenevere Abriel: So if it's working. Keep doing it right.
Daniel Guerrero: Right, right.
Gwenevere Abriel: eilis. Keep it up.
Daniel Guerrero: I didn't know that. Another thing that I've noticed I've catch myself doing too is like, you know, before they would. They're always on their phones, you know, they're always looking at, you know, Facebook, whatever the hell they're doing and so
Daniel Guerrero: You know, before that I there would be like a day. Check this shit out. And I'm like,
Daniel Guerrero: My damn really man like I'm busy, you know, but instead I'm finding time to be like, All right, let me check it out, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah yeah
Daniel Guerrero: Yeah, then let me dig into what they're what they're digging and that way you know it can build some kind of communication, other than
Daniel Guerrero: You know, you need to do something better with your time. You don't want to go wash dishes or something, you know, financial, the better to do. Right. You know, so I dig into their time a little bit and I you know I see a better response, you know, to that and
Daniel Guerrero: You know, I just I just feel like it's important to know it's important to them. And I think I should be putting a decent little effort into their importance, you know, and just trying it out with them so
Gwenevere Abriel: Very nice.
Daniel Guerrero: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
So,
Gwenevere Abriel: In general, I would say, it sounds like the goals that you set for yourself, you're clipping right along.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is there anything that's going to throw you off.
Gwenevere Abriel: As far as
Gwenevere Abriel: following through with on the 30th. In fact, that's what we can do right here at the end.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to go to do some placement testing, maybe on the 30th.
Daniel Guerrero: Right, this is actually
Gwenevere Abriel: At eight in the morning.
Daniel Guerrero: From eight from eight to 1130
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me just see what else
Gwenevere Abriel: We got here. So on the 30th of
Gwenevere Abriel: March 30 is
Gwenevere Abriel: I see Monday. Okay, so, oh, do you, what about could you do one o'clock on Monday.
Daniel Guerrero: Yeah, that'll be fine.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can make it back. You think
Daniel Guerrero: Yeah. Oh, it's, it should only be three hours. So yeah, I can do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's so right 910 11 you'd have a little time for for a bike.
Daniel Guerrero: Ride me
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me give you some other options. I'm seven in the morning on Tuesday.
Gwenevere Abriel: Thursday at 11 Friday at noon, otherwise one o'clock, then you're sticking with your same day.
Daniel Guerrero: Yeah I would prefer to do that. That away it goes it it doesn't mess up my
Daniel Guerrero: You know me getting the bed. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I see. Yeah, I get it right. So I'm putting down. You'll hear
Gwenevere Abriel: Attend
1pm
Gwenevere Abriel: That's just all right let's let's set another appointment together.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I think next time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Our focus will be. Whoops. We won't be reviewing goals will kind of get into
Gwenevere Abriel: exercises that
Gwenevere Abriel: Support reaching those goals. Okay, but I've already got somebody on the 26 I have someone at nine already
Gwenevere Abriel: You kind of alternating with her back and forth.
See
Gwenevere Abriel: About what about nine. Hey,
Gwenevere Abriel: What about nine o'clock on a Tuesday instead march 24
Daniel Guerrero: Okay. Oh, that'd be fine.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, if it turns out, right, because this is all in the morning and if something materializes, you know, you just keep in touch with me and say, hey, my, my schedule is really changing. It's looking like this now and just tell me, and then we'll reschedule that okay we'll do something
Daniel Guerrero: That's fine. So we're looking at the 24th at nine o'clock right
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. So right now what we have in places. Our next individual therapy will be march 24 9am for next Monday. You'll do your 9am group is usual
Gwenevere Abriel: Usual group on March 23 then we'll meet the next day at nine in the morning. Also, and then on the 30th, you'll have a kind of a change will be going to one group.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. All right. Well, keep up the good work and be curious to see how this how this works out with this job.
Daniel Guerrero: You definitely. Yeah, me too. Because like
Daniel Guerrero: I know
Daniel Guerrero: I hate to be selfish, right, because I'm thankful that I even have a job, you know, there's some people out there that are struggling to get a job, especially at the pay rate that I'm feeling right now.
Daniel Guerrero: But I mean it didn't happen overnight. You know, I've been here almost a year and I did when I told this dude that i when i at the interview, you know. He's uh, he's asking me, he goes like or what is your desired
Daniel Guerrero: Number. Yeah. And I'm like, I want to 10 books do you know because I'm worked it, you know, and it took me a whole year to get the 10 books and now he's all like, well, I checked the $10 you know like you originally wanted. I'm like, whoa.
Daniel Guerrero: We're gonna if we're gonna talk like that, then I should be at 1150
Daniel Guerrero: You know, because I I asked you to bring the unit 10 you brought me in at 815 now I made the change and you're like, Well, I got to attend or you wanted like like he's
Gwenevere Abriel: Daniel. That's a game that's a word game and he's winning another way. Another way to approach it is
Gwenevere Abriel: I'd like to continue to see incremental raises that are based on cost of living. That's another conversation that's not the word game he's setting. It could be every six months. I'd like to be reevaluated like to be based on
Gwenevere Abriel: Performance, I'd like to. You see it's very different than he's playing a word game.
And he's winning
Daniel Guerrero: Right.
Daniel Guerrero: And, you know, is and I think it's bullshit. You know, because you know I'm going to be honest, you know, like
Daniel Guerrero: You know, he is the owner of this place, but he's only been owning the plate. I've been working longer and and this kind of business that he's been out been an owner and you know he's never done this before in his life.
Daniel Guerrero: But like his dad's a senator, you know, he was. He's the governor of New Mexico, his dad's over New Mexico. So he feels like he's like super knowledgeable and all this shit, you know, any. I mean, he might have a high school diploma or whatever associates degree, whatever the hell he has
Daniel Guerrero: But
Daniel Guerrero: I mean I guess I don't think that gives him a right. You know what I mean. So I just feel like he's looking down at me. It's just like a labor guy or something like that is how I feel, you know, but
Gwenevere Abriel: All of that might be true, but you you agreed.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know that's the most uncomfortable part of it all is to say
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I'm, I'm the one that said, I will tolerate this
Daniel Guerrero: And
Gwenevere Abriel: Tolerate it because my options are limited, I have this felony stuff following me around.
Daniel Guerrero: Yeah, man.
Daniel Guerrero: I know
Gwenevere Abriel: I know it's really uncomfortable.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you are, but you're not diminished by that Daniel, you're, you're just as low will, you're just as wonderful
Gwenevere Abriel: The tricky bit is to to hold on to that.
Daniel Guerrero: And really
Gwenevere Abriel: No, no, you're worth when someone else.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is playing that word game with you right he he may be exploiting you but that might be exactly what's happening. The part where you get your power back is realizing you're saying a yes to it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know this. I'm not saying go drop it. No way, I'm not giving advice. I'm just saying when you can own the fact that
Gwenevere Abriel: You're feeling limited you're tolerating this kind of treatment because your options are a little limited right now. That's it. It's circumstantial, guess what circumstances are going to change. And he's probably always going to be a turkey.
Gwenevere Abriel: He ain't changing but your circumstance is going to change.
Gwenevere Abriel: I highly invite you to keep
Gwenevere Abriel: Doing what you're doing, which is getting education me tell you about education. Ain't nobody can take it from you.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's your that's yours forever. You know that you know that with your children, you get training you get education that's yours.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. That experience that's yours. No one can diminish you from that. I think this is just circumstantial, I think it's going to change.
Gwenevere Abriel: But just take take the power back in a sense, no I choose to be here. I'm deciding, I'm not. I'm this is I'm going to go work on the education part I'll be doing this $10 an hour thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, but but whatever your boss's name is I'll call him, Joe. Hey Joe right in your mind, Joe, I know what you're up to. You're taking advantage of me because I'm freaking stuck.
Daniel Guerrero: Yeah and you know that's that's something that we've talked about my wife and I to it's like
Daniel Guerrero: It's like, where do you honestly when a my mom. My mom. She was like, totally different in this guy to she's like Daniel Where are you going to go get a job as painting $10 an hour.
Daniel Guerrero: And she goes, Are you going to quit that job and go get another job they're going to pay you $9 an hour and you're not going to be able to, you know,
Daniel Guerrero: Make the money you make. And then on top of that, it's like a child support is garnish down in my check you know they're
Daniel Guerrero: Nice. So like if I quit this job, then my child support stops and I become late on my payment until I find another job and then it takes 30 days for them.
Daniel Guerrero: Or you know 45 days for them to get the child support transferred to this other job. And so then I lose a month and I get further behind.
Daniel Guerrero: Right, yeah. And they already took my
Daniel Guerrero: My tax return. That's a whole different story. But, uh, but anyway, so it's like yeah I'm stuck. I'm in a position where I'm stuck. And, you know, you're, you're exactly right. And that's where I'm at right now with it, you know, because
Gwenevere Abriel: That that's going to change. Daniel
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Change. You keep I just that stuff you're talking about about showing up and still getting that education during these two years and you keep
Gwenevere Abriel: open minded like you invite your daughter staying open stay in conversation. Yeah, looking for a job that brings a little higher income, little more opportunity you know anybody
Gwenevere Abriel: I've got this felony kind of following me around, you know, the employers kind of easy breezy give Second Chance kind of things you just keep keep that conversation open
I
Gwenevere Abriel: I think you hang in there for it. Don't give up on you. I think you're going to, I think you're going to find your way, but it's the sitting there thinking this is hopeless. That gets us into negative thinking, this will never change. That's the dangerous one right there.
Daniel Guerrero: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: But say instead. This is going to change it is changing. It's getting better. But this guy.
Gwenevere Abriel: He's always going to be a turd. So that's his problem I'll tolerate him for a little while because my options. I've got only a few here, but so that's that changes. And that's exciting. This is only temporary.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. Um, I will love years or so bad. Today I will see you in group.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I wish you a wonderful day.
Daniel Guerrero: All right. Thank you. Appreciate it.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. I'll talk to you soon.
Daniel Guerrero: Alright. Have a good day.